Post schedule update (#740)
EuroPython/website: src/content/pages/faq.mdx

A. Yes, in-person participation applications for our [Financial Aid Programme](/finaid) was open until 19 May 2024. It is now closed after receiving a record-high number of applications. We are very proud to be able to support so many Pythonistas to attend the conference this year!

> [Financial Aid for Remote Tickets](/finaid#-free-remote-ticket) is open on 14 June, together with remote ticket sales. If you need support to attend the conference remotely, make sure to apply by 1 July 2024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Financial Aid for Remote Tickets](/finaid#-free-remote-ticket) opened on 14 June, together with remote ticket sales. If you need support to attend the conference remotely, make sure to apply by 1 July 2024.
```
```suggestion
[Financial Aid for Remote Tickets](/finaid#-free-remote-ticket) is open on 14 June, together with remote ticket sales. If you need support to attend the conference remotely, make sure to apply by 1 July 2024.
```

Author: fixed with thanks!
